Test cases for Sign Up feature
(www.shipt.com)

These test cases based on my assumptions (no access to the software requirements).

There are 3 possible ways to be registered from home page:
1st - by clicking on the Sign Up button on the top of the home page,
2nd - by clicking on the Log In button on the top of the home page and on the Sign Up link (under Log In button),
3rd - by clicking on the Log In link on the bottom of the home page (under the Nice Links) and on the Sign Up link (under Log In button).

Test approach: to check all possible conditions and combinations with register form.

Examples for 1st.
		
	 1. The registration functionality is available
	1.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	1.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	1.3. User should be on the registration page.	
	
	 2. User can be registered by entering valid credentials (valid email and zip code where service is provided).
	2.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	2.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	2.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" enter valid email and zip code (where service is provided) and click on "Go" button.
	2.4. User should be registered.

	 3. User can be registered by providing mambership code.
	3.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	3.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	3.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" click on the "Click here" link (for Have a membership code), enter valid email and zip code (where service is provided) and valid Gift code and click on "Go" button.
	3.4. User should be registered.	 	

	 4. User can't be registered by entering valid email and invalid zip code. 
	4.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	4.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	4.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" enter valid email and invalid zip code (where service is provided) and click on "Go" button.
	4.4. User should not be registered (error message).
	
	 5. User can't be registered by entering invalid email and valid zip code. 
	5.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	5.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	5.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" enter invalid email and valid zip code (where service is provided) and click on "Go" button.
	5.4. User should not be registered (error message).

	 6. User can't be registered by entering invalid email and invalid zip code. 
	6.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	6.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	6.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" enter invalid email and invalid zip code (where service is provided) and click on "Go" button.
	6.4. User should not be registered (error message).

	 7. Email and zip code fields are required.
	7.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	7.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	7.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" don't enter email and zip code and click on "Go" button.
	7.4. Error message("Please fill ouy this field") for each of the filelds (email and zip code). 	
	
	 8. The registered user can't be registered again with the same email.
	8.1. Navigate to the "www.shipt.com".
	8.2. Click on the "Sign Up" button on the top right of the page.
	8.3. On the opened page "Let's get started in your membership!" enter email already registered user and zip code (where service is provided) and click on "Go" button.
	8.4. User should not be registered (error message).
 	 
	.
	.
	.